Index options API (#3562)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_lua/box_index/user_defined.rst

.. _box_index-user_defined:

===============================================================================
index_object extensions
===============================================================================

You can extend ``index_object`` with custom functions as follows:

(1) Create a Lua function.
(2) Add the function name to a predefined global variable, which has the ``table`` type.

> (3) Call the function on the ``index_object``: ``index_object:function-name([parameters])``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Create a Lua function.
2.  Add the function name to a predefined global variable, which has the ``table`` type.
3.  Call the function on the ``index_object``: ``index_object:function-name([parameters])``.
```
Convert to the usual list formatting.

Reviewer: Step 2: maybe naviagate reader to the functions list below or move the list inside this procedure?

There are three predefined global variables:

* Adding to ``box_schema.index_mt`` makes the function available for all indexes.
* Adding to ``box_schema.memtx_index_mt`` makes the function available for all memtx indexes.
* Adding to ``box_schema.vinyl_index_mt`` makes the function available for all vinyl indexes.

> Alternatively, user-defined functions can be made available for only one index,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can make a user-defined function available for only one index
```

Simplify the sentence a bit and fix punctuation

by calling ``getmetatable(index_object)`` and then adding the function name to the
meta table.

> **Example 1:**

Reviewer: Maybe add text descriptions?
